[energy surges]
TOWA:
Living in this world is hard.
If you don't live by the rules,
you end up
getting treated as an outcast.
I got so sick and tired
of everyone else's ideals
in the other world.
‐ You ruined everything!
‐ Zero's probably going through
the same emotions now
that I was going through
back then.
‐ I'll make you pay
for what you did!
‐ Tenseiga.
‐ What a fool I was
to lose sight of myself.
Until now, my intention
was to allow Kirinmaru
the pleasure of disposing
of your daughters.
But now that you've brought me
to my breaking point,
I've changed my mind.
I'll deal with your irritating
little whelps myself!
I will falter no more!
Nothing will stop me
from being who I am.
Riku, bring me
the Rainbow Pearls
so I may subjugate them
with my demon powers.
‐ Wait, Madam!
Please, I beg you!
[all gasp]
‐ Kirinmaru?
‐ Should have known
he'd show up at some point.
‐ [chuckles] Well, that explains
why Grandpa Myoga
decided to make a run for it.
‐ [growls]
[all gasp]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Kirara!
‐ Thank you, Kirara.
‐ The bloodlust coming off him
is overwhelming.
‐ Yeah, not to mention that
crazy amount of demon energy.
SETSUNA: Look at him.
All he's doing
is standing there, and yet..
I don't see any openings.
‐ I may not be
as experienced as you guys,
but even I can tell,
if we try to make even
the slightest move against him,
he'd kill us in a heartbeat.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Sesshomaru's Daughter."
[energy chiming]
‐ Stay out of my way, Kirinmaru.
KIRINMARU: Sesshomaru...
allow me to be the one to
apologize about your Tenseiga.
It was uncalled for.
Please forgive us.
‐ Stop it! What are you doing?!
‐ You've gone too far, Sister!
‐ Lord Kirinmaru.
‐ No need to apologize.
As for Tenseiga,
I was not attached to it.
Bakusaiga will be
more than adequate...
to end this.
‐ Is that a threat?
Will you kill me, Sesshomaru?
Or should I say,
"Can you kill me?"
‐ Yes, I can...
and I will.
‐ Tenseiga cannot bring
the same person
back from the dead twice.
If you bring me
to death's door once again,
that woman whose life is still
tied to mine will also perish.
SESSHOMARU: That is
what you desire, is it not?
( Jaken sighs ) Oh, Rin.
Are those tears I see?
What's causing you
to suddenly cry?
SESSHOMARU: Any more of this
will only make Rin sad.
‐ [gasps]
[both gasp]
KIRINMARU: Sesshomaru.
You failed to chase
after Akuru's pinwheel.
Spare my sister's life, and I
shall overlook your actions.
‐ I refuse.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ Sister.
‐ Eh?
Sesshomaru is serious.
That human woman will
no longer serve as your shield.
‐ This is exactly
what I was hoping for.
‐ Now step aside, Kirinmaru.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You know Zero must be stopped.
It's for her own sake.
‐ Even so, I cannot allow this.
‐ Stop getting in the way,
Kirinmaru.
Have you forgotten
that everything I've done
has been to prevent
your foretold death?
You dare repay my charity
with ingratitude?!
‐ KIRINMARU: How pathetic.
[both gasp]
‐ All you've done
is disgrace yourself
over a vain wish,
one you made on a worthless orb!
‐ [gasps]
Huh?
[all gasp]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Begone!
‐ The Rainbow Pearls.
‐ Hey, wait!
Aw, crap. Look at 'em go.
TOWA: Oh, yeah.
You guys wanted
to keep yours, huh?
‐ So that's it, then.
You wish to sever
our ties, Kirinmaru?
Fine by me.
[web creaks]
From this moment forward,
we are nothing but strangers
with no bond between us.
You are no longer my brother,
nor I your sister.
However, I hope
you haven't forgotten.
The Rainbow Pearls
are my tears.
No matter how far they scatter,
I will always be able
to find where they are.
This is goodbye.
We shall never
see each other again.
‐ Wait! Sister!
‐ [blade stabs]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I won't make any excuses.
‐ So you would choose
to betray me?
‐ I'm afraid so.
I can no longer watch
my Madam suffer.
Farewell, Lord Kirinmaru.
[earring chimes]
‐ [groans]
‐ Why would he betray him?
TOWA: Huh? That's weird.
A part of me is sad
I only got to talk to Riku
for a short while.
Why am I feeling this way?
‐ [gasping]
Are you going after her,
Sesshomaru?
‐ I'll deal with Zero.
Just leave her to me, Kirinmaru.
‐ And what about
your daughters?! [gasps]
Are you leaving them here?
‐ It's a rite
of courage and cowardice.
[all gasp]
‐ Sesshomaru's daughters,
their true worth
will be measured by survival...
as is the fate
of all half‐demons.
I'm sure you can tell...
everything that's
transpired today
has left me
in a rather irritable mood.
[tense music playing]
‐ [grunts]
KIRINMARU: If you had taken
the chance to withdraw,
I would have let you escape.
But if you are to face me,
I will not hold back
like I did previously.
This is your last chance.
‐ You're saying
that you went easy on us?
You can't be serious!
‐ Don't listen.
He's just trying to scare us.
‐ If this is a rite
of courage and cowardice,
there's no way
we're running from this fight.
‐ [scoffs]
Then go on
and unleash your powers.
Show me what you can do.
‐ Alright, let's go!
I'm going to get
Setsuna's dreams back!
[yells]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Cyclone Burst!
You better dodge, Towa!
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [scoffs]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [dragon roars]
Crimson Backlash Wave!
‐ [roars]
‐ Blasting Barrage!
[grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [yelps]
What the hell, Setsuna?!
‐ Just be grateful
you're still alive.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Your lack of focus
has been holding you back.
If you hadn't depended
on the Pearls,
your inherent powers would
have manifested much sooner.
[scoffs]
‐ Blah, blah!
Just shut up and fight!
Focusing spirit powers.
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
‐ Behold your potential!
When using your spirit powers,
your Rainbow Pearl
only got in the way.
[grunts]
‐ [gasps]
[yelps]
‐ Moroha!
‐ [snarls]
‐ [stammers]
KIRINMARU: Well, then...
I suppose
I should respond in kind.
Half‐Demon Princesses,
I challenge you!
[tense music playing]
JAKEN: Totosai! Down here!
‐ Hmm?
‐ [grunting]
‐ Oh, it's you, Jaken!
What brings you here?
‐ It's Rin! She was crying!
I need to get
to the battleground
where her daughters
are fighting!
Hurry and take me there!
‐ Looks like we're headed
to the same place.
But based on how it's going,
I don't think
‐ we're gonna make it in time.
‐ What?!
‐ Don't you know
what's happening?
Yukari no Tachikiri,
the exalted blade,
will soon be born.
‐ [grunting]
Damn it. He's so strong!
‐ This is a bit disappointing.
What happened to the girl
who had the audacity
to land a cut on my cheek?
‐ [grunting]
‐ Towa!
‐ You carry an excellent weapon.
It's a shame
that it's in poor condition.
‐ [growls]
‐ With such a dull blade edge,
you haven't a chance
of laying even a scratch on me.
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps] Setsuna!
‐ Ah, now I remember.
There is a way
to manifest your true strength.
Your little sister
must be placed in mortal danger.
Riku witnessed it himself.
‐ [yelps]
‐ How heartwarming to see
such a caring older sister.
[laughs]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [blade stabs]
‐ [gasps]
[chuckles]
I suppose I let my guard down.
‐ I won't let you
lay a hand on her!
Riku, you left
a nice wound to exploit.
I'll use it to my advantage!
‐ [gasps]
[growls]
[gasps]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [yells]
[growls]
‐ [winces]
Damn you!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
[gasps]
Setsuna!
TOWA: Setsuna!
Back when I was little,
I had a younger twin sister,
and we lived in the forest.
Setsuna.
No, you can't...
Setsuna!
‐ [sighs]
Towa, I'm so sorry.
‐ It's OK. Don't say anything!
I'm going
to patch you right up.
We were always together,
and we got along so well.
‐ Why are you crying, Towa?
You're acting
as if I'm going to die.
‐ Stop it!
That's not even funny!
‐ Don't worry.
I'll be OK. I won't die.
Not at a place
like this, anyway.
It's just...
‐ What is it?
‐ I‐It's just that...
I'm starting
to get a little sleepy.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [murmurs]
‐ So why, at that moment...
‐ I'm sorry, Sis.
I think...
I'm going to take a little nap.
[chimes ringing]
Good night, Sis.
‐ So why, at that moment...
[shuddering]
did I let her hand slip away?
[crying]
[wails]
‐ What a shame this is.
If only we had
Sesshomaru's Tenseiga.
Then we could have
brought her back to life.
‐ [crying]
‐ Unfortunately
this had to happen
right after my older sister
Zero destroyed it.
Huh?
[Kirinmaru chuckles]
So you've transformed yourself
into Beniyasha.
Will you yet again
let yourself go wild
as the Destroyer of Lands?
‐ If that were the case,
maybe you'd survive
for just a bit longer.
‐ How so?
‐ Things are different now.
I've never felt so composed
after applying my rouge.
Well, what do you know?
I think I finally have control
of Beniyasha's true power.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Kirinmaru...
you're going to die here.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [animal howls]
KIRINMARU: It can't be.
[chuckles] Yes, of course.
This place
is where he lost his life.
It all makes sense now.
TOWA: Wait, Moroha.
‐ Huh?
[animal growling]
‐ That power. [grunts]
‐ This is between me
and Kirinmaru.
‐ He is mine alone to slay.
‐ [dragons growl]
I will avenge Setsuna.
Bastard.
You took my Setsuna
away from me.
I won't let you
get away with this.
Kirinmaru!
‐ I see.
So that's what
your true power looks like.
‐ I can't let you
have this one, Towa.
Setsuna was precious to me, too.
I'll make him pay
for what he did.
‐ [animal snarling]
‐ KIRINMARU: It matters not,
for I am
the Beast King of the East,
Kirinmaru of the Dawn.
I'll take you both on
as my opponents.
‐ If that's how you want it...
‐ Then we'll tear you
limb from limb!
[roars]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragons roar]
‐ [growls]
[roars]
‐ What the?!
‐ Remember this well, Towa.
Your attack,
the Azure Dragon Wave,
was created by Sesshomaru,
but you have made it your own
by giving the dragon twin heads.
From this day forward,
you shall call it
the Twin Azure Dragon Wave.
And, Beniyasha...
your Crimson Dragon Wave
is magnificent.
This dragon will listen
to your will alone,
and because of that, I have
no hope of pushing it away.
[yells]
[tense music playing]
‐ Towa!
[sighs]
‐ [Kirinmaru gasps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I actually felt that one.
I never imagined
you could cause so much damage.
‐ How's he still standing?
‐ I'd expect no less from him.
‐ Despite the fact
you're half‐demons,
you're doing well
not to lose composure
while using
so much demon energy.
For that, I commend you.
‐ It pisses me off
how you're always acting
like you're better than us!
‐ Enough of your lectures!
If you think that'll excuse you
from taking Setsuna's life...
then I'll shove your words
back down your throat!
‐ [yells]
‐ [grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
‐ [roars]
[dragons roar]
‐ [howls]
‐ Yes, how truly magnificent!
I've been waiting my whole life
for such a battle!
[both yell]
‐ [roars]
‐ [howls]
‐ [grunts]
[chuckles]
‐ [roars]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [growls]
‐ [winces]
‐ [energy crackles]
‐ [howling]
‐ [gasps]
[grunts]
[straining]
[roars]
‐ [roars]
‐ Kirinmaru! Hope you're ready.
I'll be taking
your demon energy!
‐ Go ahead and try!
‐ [roars]
‐ [yells]
[groans]
I'll take every bit...
of your damn...
demon energy!
[strains]
[screaming]
‐ Towa!
[gasps]
[screams]
["Kesshou" playing]
‐ [gasping]
‐ I haven't fought like that,
not since my battle
with the Great Dog‐Demon.
It would be a waste to let it
all end here with your deaths.
‐ [gasping]
‐ Half‐Demon Princess...
I look forward to the next time
our paths may cross.
Setsuna.
You have fought well
with great honor and dignity.
I shall never forget that name.
[singing in Japanese]
‐ [gasps]
Kirara.
Oh, Setsuna. I'm sorry
we couldn't avenge you.
‐ Setsuna.
Setsuna.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Setsuna.
This world is full
of weak people.
But those who are truly weak
are the ones
powerless to protect
those they care about
when it matters the most.
[crying]
And that's‐‐
that's exactly
the type of person I am.
How could I be so weak?
[bells jingle]
[gasps]
Sesshomaru?
[no audible dialogue]
Do what?
‐ The choice is yours, Towa.
‐ [gasps]
[rain pattering]
[song ends]
[dramatic music plays]